feat(antrea): better docs for encyrption (#668)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/add-ons/antrea.md

---

[Antrea](https://antrea.io/) implements the Container Network Interface (CNI) to enable pod networking in a Kubernetes cluster.
It also functions as a NetworkPolicy controller to optionally enforce security at the network layer.
Antrea is implemented with Open vSwitch and IPSec.

By default, Antrea [encrypts traffic](https://antrea.io/docs/v1.4.0/docs/traffic-encryption/) between nodes. 
kURL does not install the necessary kernel modules to enable traffic encryption.

> An installer will block if encryption is enabled and the host does not have the required `wireguard` module installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An installer is blocked if encryption is enabled and the host does not have the required `wireguard` module installed.
```

> Disabling encryption by setting `isEncryptionDisabled` to `true` prevents the need to manually install `wireguard`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want to install `wireguard` manually, you can disable encryption by setting `isEncryptionDisabled` to `true`. 
```
